CodeCamp #150 [Feature] Add ISNet (#2400)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: projects/isnet/README.md

# ISNet

[ISNet: Integrate Image-Level and Semantic-Level Context for Semantic Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12382.pdf)

## Description

This is an implementation of [ISNet](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.12382.pdf).
[Official Repo](https://github.com/SegmentationBLWX/sssegmentation)

## Usage

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.7
- PyTorch 1.6 or higher
- [MIM](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mim) v0.33 or higher
- [MMSegmentation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation) v1.0.0rc2 or higher

> All the commands below rely on the correct configuration of `PYTHONPATH`, which should point to the project's directory so that Python can locate the module files. In `example_project/` root directory, run the following line to add the current directory to `PYTHONPATH`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the commands below rely on the correct configuration of `PYTHONPATH`, which should point to the project's directory so that Python can locate the module files. In `isnet/` root directory, run the following line to add the current directory to `PYTHONPATH`:
```
